README.md, before:

KU ACM Competitive Programming
==============================

Weekly-Problems
---------------

This repository provides a home for all KU ACM Competitive Programming's weekly problems, as well as problem sets from KU ACM competitions and those held by other sponsors. Solutions created by members of ACM Comp Prog may be submitted under the problems folder, e.g.
/Weekly-Problems/Week 14/Beginner/Member Name/MemberSubmission.ext

Resources
---------

ACM Comp Prog keeps an expanding list of regional competitive and learning opportunites. See below:

Competitions
- Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges: Central Plains - CCSC:CP holds a yearly regional computer science conference that hosts lectures, presentations, as well as a programming competition. http://www.ccsc.org/centralplains/

- Hack the Midwest - Hackathon hosted in Kansas city. As part of registration, competitors submit an idea for an application they intend to make from scratch within 24 hours. http://www.hackthemidwest.com/

- Code Rush - Sponsored by Perceptive Software, early Fall semester. Details will be posted as they are made available. 

Programming Practice
- Python Challenge - A series of programming riddles in which each answer is used as the url to the next problem. http://www.pythonchallenge.com/ 

- Project Euler - Programming challenges for the mathematically inclined. Project Euler is a compiled list programming problems for which mathematical insight is often required for an efficient solution. http://projecteuler.net/ 

Know any other resources you'd like to share? Email us! aleksanderesk@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added information for the KU ACM programming competition

README.md, after:

KU ACM Competitive Programming
==============================

Weekly-Problems
---------------

This repository provides a home for all KU ACM Competitive Programming's weekly problems, as well as problem sets from KU ACM competitions and those held by other sponsors. Solutions created by members of ACM Comp Prog may be submitted under the problems folder, e.g.
/Weekly-Problems/Week 14/Beginner/Member Name/MemberSubmission.ext

Resources
---------

ACM Comp Prog keeps an expanding list of regional competitive and learning opportunites. See below:

Competitions
- KU ACM Intramural Programming Competition - A yearly competition conducted mid Spring Semester open to all KU students. Five hours are given to complete a problem set of 10. 

- Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges: Central Plains - CCSC:CP holds a yearly regional computer science conference that hosts lectures, presentations, as well as a programming competition. http://www.ccsc.org/centralplains/

- Hack the Midwest - Hackathon hosted in Kansas city. As part of registration, competitors submit an idea for an application they intend to make from scratch within 24 hours. http://www.hackthemidwest.com/

- Code Rush - Sponsored by Perceptive Software, early Fall semester. Details will be posted as they are made available. 

Programming Practice
- Python Challenge - A series of programming riddles in which each answer is used as the url to the next problem. http://www.pythonchallenge.com/ 

- Project Euler - Programming challenges for the mathematically inclined. Project Euler is a compiled list programming problems for which mathematical insight is often required for an efficient solution. http://projecteuler.net/ 

Know any other resources you'd like to share? Email us! aleksanderesk@gmail.com
